Collaborating in a Team Environment
	There were many classes in my computer science program that required me to work on projects with a team. At first it was only small projects that required the team to work together on an assignment for a week and as I progressed through the program my CS-310 required an in depth understanding on how teams work together on a project. The first half of this class taught us the fundamentals of collaborating on a project. I learned the importance of version control and cloning repositories so I could work on my part of the project without affecting the main code of the assignment. After completing each part of the assignment, the code was committed to a git repository where other students looked at and commented on any errors. After updating the code, it was then merged with the original repository. This class gave a hands-on experience with working with both a team to complete a project and working with programs that are used in the field.
Communicating to Stakeholders
	The focus in my CS-250 class was to take on various roles from the agile method this includes the role as a product owner. As the product owner I had to communicate to stakeholders and explain how the project was progressing, explain the timeline for the project and set the priorities. I learned the best way to communicate with stakeholders and how to explain projects both for people who had an understanding of computer science and those who did not.  
Data Structures and Algorithms
Multiple classes in my program focused on data structures and algorithms. We first began by understanding the fundamentals and then started incorporating the ideas into writing code for programs. The artifact I have chosen demonstrates my abilities in data structures and algorithms Software Engineering and Database
	Software engineering and databases was one of the focuses in my program. In multiple classes we were required to build databases in python or create software in java. The artifact I have chosen demonstrates my abilities in software engineering and databases.
Security
	Through out my program security was one of my main focuses. I studied ways to write code that aligned with defensive programing. I took extra classes on ethical hacking so I can understand the best practices for secure coding. I also learned how human error can cause many vulnerabilities and I used this knowledge to enhance my artifact accordingly. 

Artifact Summary 
	For the Software Design and Engineering portion I chose to expand the artifacts complexity. For the Algorithms and Data Structure portion I chose to improve the efficiency of the artifact. For the Database portion I chose to add more advanced concepts of MySQl to enhance the artifact. The artifact I chose is from my CS-340class where I had to implement a basic RESTful web service using Python. The artifact showcases my ability to code in python and to implement a basic RESTful web service using Python.
